Alpha + Bliss hosted dock
Phase 4 report: regression and milestone classification
Date: 2026-10-04
Command: dotnet test Bliss.Tests/Bliss.Tests.csproj --verbosity minimal
Result: Passed 452, Failed 0, Skipped 0
Milestone classification: HOSTED ACCEPTANCE - PARTIAL / BLOCKED
Delivery: NOT_SENT

The suite includes the dock readiness tests, the production posture tests, hosted-acceptance refusal, tenant isolation, suppression, Economics as the only price authority, Bliss matching, Wedding Planner boundaries, and the Bot Party fleet controls. A passing test proves the behavior it names. It does not prove a hosted deployment.

The hosted reading still refuses a request to claim hosted acceptance. Identity contacted stays no. The hosted backup drill stays no. Delivery remains NOT_SENT. Green does not mean send.

Why this is not a pass

The required hosted evidence is absent:

- There is no owner-selected application host.
- There is no hosted PostgreSQL connection. The VerifyFull proof is loopback.
- There is no organizational OIDC login.
- There is no vendor secret store binding.
- The operations console was not opened on a hosted environment.
- The backup and restore were not performed on a hosted database.
- Docker is not installed here, so the image was not started from the Dockerfile.

What I need from the owner

1. Choose the application host. Do not buy it until you authorize the purchase. I will not invent a price.
2. Choose the PostgreSQL host and send the VerifyFull connection materials through the secret store: host, database, username, password, and the provider CA if needed. I did not connect to the earlier Supabase project bkutbglzivfdnoerigyb.
3. Choose the identity provider and provide the HTTPS issuer, client id, client secret, and the five bliss role values.
4. Name the secret store that will inject the environment variables or the three mounted files.
5. Provide the public DNS name and the reverse-proxy address.
6. Authorize one backup and one restore of the hosted database after it exists.
7. Leave outreach locked until a separate contract. Delivery remains NOT_SENT.

Final status: HOSTED ACCEPTANCE - PARTIAL / BLOCKED
